User stories:
1. Starting up for the first time and importing media
when the user starts the program for the first time the bootloader
should start the media library module and see that no media library has been selected.
A prompt is shown that lets the user select the destined directory.

2. Synchronizing the media library
the media library can be synchronized at any time by clicking the search icon
to search for new tracks within the library

3. Playing songs in private mode
Playing songs within the private mode should be really easy. Either one selects Shuffle
to play without selecting any songs or one adds songs to the playlist by selecting them
and pressing the up-arrow or opening the context menu and adding them there

4. Playing songs in karaoke bar mode
The KaraokeBar mode delivers some extra functionality. A Karaoke Bar owner wants to register singer names
when a singer last sang a song and who should sing next. Singers will probably only be known by their first names.
It is therefore highly probable that there will be duplicate names. This can only be resolved by splitting the names
into screen-names (shown on splash screen) and descriptive-names (or surnames if known) ("the big one", "brown hair")

a) the add-song-bar
in karaoke bar mode, three text-boxes/action-boxes are added between player and singers+library.
A song can be added to the playlist by selecting it and clicking the up arrow above the library and then the plus button
or up arrow above the add-song-bar. In this case it will be added without any singer.
A singer can be selected before or after a song is selected. A singer without a song can't be added to the playlist.
Multiple singers can be added. They will be shown in action-"bubbles". Songs and singers can be selected with drag&drop.
A singer-screen name can also directly be added by typing it within an action-bubble. The action-bubble will show auto-fills
for already existing singers with "firstName - descriptive name". Otherwise a new singer will be added on clicking the up button.
This will show a small dialog offering [firstName] - [Enter descriptive name] for all entered singers that are not present
within the database. This dialog can be skipped once or always -> settings
NOTE: add song bar can auto fill the selected song from the media library - this could be an option

b)
New singers can also be added by clicking the add singer line within the Singer selection.
Singers can be deleted within a context menu - right click - delete.

5. Presenting songs in karaoke bar mode
Splash screens before and after songs can be configured within the settings.
The settings offer: shown time, background image, stop playback after song, show nextSong splash, show last-song splash
The lastSong splash is shown directly after a song is finished for a configurable time. Then the player heads on
to the nextSong splash screen which will be kept till the play button is pressed or also for a configurable time if 
stop playback after song is disabled.

6. Pause
in karaoke-bar-mode it is possible to announce a pause. this is a context menu action within the playlist.